Matt Damon blasts back onto the big
screen in this summer's sci-fi epic
Elysium our cameras caught up with Matt
to find out what attracted into the
project it was really a chance to work
with the director Neill Blomkamp he also
did district 9 which came out a few
years ago it's just a great guys I want
two cameras one over here though the one
over here make sure you get my right
side please
my both side got it can I get some water
please all right okay
what are you good what are you doing
here man what I'm doing here what are
you doing here what am I doing here
well I'm promoting my movie Elysium look
man I'm trying to do my job here I have
an interview I have to do okay - I have
to do the junkie for my movie you're
gonna do a junkie for your movie yes you
have a movie yeah I have a movie you
think you're the only actor who does
movies for to have a movie you have a
movie called this stupid oh and and been
an arrow pointed towards me you get
nothing
okay what's up what's a stupid Oh about
it's a ball men stupid from Boston if
they seen a true story
oh yeah okay looks right I don't have
time to do this stuff okay just please
just can you just move out of the shot I
need you to get into me I'm sorry this
we have a thing anyway so so all the
rich people in the world have kind of
moved off into this space station
embrace stupid okay Tina who namioka
sciama Ben Tennyson stupid oh yes they
both don't ambient will be inscrutable
sorry but I write as man y'all know you
yeah why am I even taught just picture
take your thing just just don't hurt the
Elysium poster just get out
[Laughter]
so you need two movies this year yes I
made two movies I've been real busy the
second movie is called ass face with an
arrow pointed right at me you didn't
make any movies did you generally no
misstatement a minute I don't have a
movie Jimmy paid thousands and thousands
of dollars to fly you from LA to Miami
to carry a sign that says ass face with
an arrow pointing towards me double
booking a hotel room so you can do this
Jimmy's very rich he can do whatever do
you think that's funny I think it's
funny
you know me I just I pity you I pity you
I pity I pity him this is what you know
there's huge problems in the world and
this is what you guys want to spend your
time doing this is you know what can you
just assume it can you get a shot just a
zoom in please close on my face can you
because I have something I'd like to say
to Jimmy all right once and for all and
I hope you're listening very carefully
because this is important and you need
to hear it okay you come in this summer
I real stupid
actor in the role of a lifetime mr. Matt
Damon is
speech
when to make yourself move Odyssey
[Applause]
[Music]
you